# Recommendation-system

With the overwhelming volume of online content and increasing ubiquity of Internet-enabled devices, pervasive use of the Web for content sharing and consumption has become our everyday routines. However, people seeking online access to content or items of interest are becoming more and more frustrated due to information overload. Deciding the content to consume from deluge of available alternatives becomes increasingly difficult. In this regard, an online content streaming company provides movies, TV shows, music and other services to millions of online users. The company makes profits from selling interesting content/ services of all genres to their customers. In the last couple of years, the fortune of the company has suffered due to dwindling sales. The management decided to improve their sales by developing an intelligent service recommendation engine for their online platform. To achieve this, the company has hired you as their data engineer to design and develop this intelligent recommendation engine.

The company has also provided you with datasets containing their customers' consumption history. Your task is to deliver the recommendation engine; working with the historical datasets to analyse, design and implement the system. Your system should provide the capability to suggest interesting items such as music, movies or TV shows.
In addition, note that many users are generally sensitive to the kind of "things" they don’t like, for example, some people do not like to watch "action movies". Therefore, when the system suggests anything to the user, it should target the genre of items the user likes and avoid those they don’t like
